misc: Improve README and build instructions to favor Flatpak (#3004)
bottlesdevs/Bottles: README.md

### org.flatpak.Builder

1. Install [`org.flatpak.Builder`](https://github.com/flathub/org.flatpak.Builder) from Flathub
1. Clone `https://github.com/bottlesdevs/Bottles.git` (or your fork)
1. Run `flatpak run org.flatpak.Builder --install --install-deps-from=flathub --default-branch=master --force-clean build-dir com.usebottles.bottles.yml` in the terminal from the root of the repository (use `--user` if necessary)
1. Run `flatpak run com.usebottles.bottles//master` to launch it

### Meson

Since Bottles is primarily and officially distributed as a Flatpak, we only provide instructions to directly build it inside a Flatpak environment:

1. Download and install the latest build of Bottles: [bottles-x86_64.zip](https://nightly.link/bottlesdevs/Bottles/workflows/build_flatpak/main/bottles-x86_64.zip). Unzip it, and run `flatpak install bottles.flatpak` (use `--user` if necessary)
2. Run `flatpak run -d --filesystem=$PWD --command=bash com.usebottles.bottles//master` from the root of the repository, followed by `./utils/install.sh`. This will build Bottles and install it under the `build/` directory.
3. Run `./build/bin/bottles` to launch Bottles

> Due to GNOME Builder limitations, Builder cannot build Bottles from the time being; see [GNOME/gnome-builder#2061](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-builder/-/issues/2061). This is the best workaround we can provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to GNOME Builder limitations, Builder cannot build Bottles for the time being; see [GNOME/gnome-builder#2061](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-builder/-/issues/2061) for more context. This is the best workaround we can provide.
```

## Code of Conduct

> This project follows the [GNOME Code of Conduct](https://wiki.gnome.org/Foundation/CodeOfConduct). You are expected to follow it in all Bottles spaces, such as this repository, project's social media, messenger chats and forums. Bigotry and harassment will not be tolerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project follows the [GNOME Code of Conduct](https://wiki.gnome.org/Foundation/CodeOfConduct). You are expected to follow it in all Bottles spaces, such as this repository, the project's social media, messenger chats and forums. Bigotry and harassment will not be tolerated.
```
